SET 9 GOLD AUGMENTS

A Cut Above
Gain a Deathblade. Champions with Deathblade have a 33% chance to drop 1 gold on kill.


Adrenaline Rush
Your Juggernaut units deal 10% extra damage, increased to 25% for the rest of combat when they fall below 50% Health. Gain 2 Juggernauts.


All Natural II
Your units with no items equipped gain 150 Health and heal for 2% of their max Health each second.


All That Shimmers
Gain a Shimmerscale Item armory that offers 3 options. Shimmerscale items aid gold generation.


Ancient Archives I
Gain 1 Tome of Traits and 4 gold.


Ascension
After 15 seconds of combat, your units deal 50% more damage.


Balanced Budget II
At the start of the next 4 rounds, gain 6 gold


Bastion Crest
Gain a Bastion Emblem and a Kassadin.


Battle Ready II
Your team deals 8% more damage and takes 8% less damage.


Big Grab Bag
Gain 2 random components, 8 gold, and a Reforger.


Bruiser Crest
Gain a Bruiser Emblem and a Vi.


Built Different II
Your units with no Traits active gain 200-425 Health and 40-60% Attack Speed (based on current Stage).


Buried Treasures II
At the start of the next 3 rounds, gain a random item component.


Buried Treasures II(Legend)
At the start of the next 3 rounds, gain a random item component.


Capricious Forge
Gain a Blacksmith's Gloves, which equips two temporary Ornn Artifacts each round.


Caretaker's Favor
Gain a component anvil when you reach level 5, 6, 7, and 8.


Challenger Crest
Gain a Challenger Emblem and a Warwick.


Chemtech Enhancements
Your Chem Modded units gain 500 Health. Allies that start combat adjacent to them gain 100 Health. Gain 2 Zaun units.


Combat Caster
Your units gain a 90-170 (based on current Stage) health shield for 6 seconds after casting their spell.


Contagion
At the start of combat, the highest health enemy unit is afflicted with Contagion, which increases their damage taken by 20%. Every 5 seconds or on death, Contagion spreads to the nearest 2 enemies. Contagion can stack.


Cybernetic Bulk II
Your champions holding an item gain 350 health.


Cybernetic Leech II
Your units holding an item gain 120 Health and 18% Omnivamp.


Deadeye Crest
Gain a Deadeye Emblem and an Ashe.


Dedication
The first time you field at least 4 distinct units of the same trait in a player combat, gain an Emblem for that trait.


Defensive Dash
Combat Start and on takedown: Your Challenger units gain a 75-225 health shield for 2.5 seconds (based on current Stage). Gain 2 Challenger units.


Demacia Crest
Gain a Demacia Emblem and a Galio.


Demonflare
Gain a Swain. Your strongest Swain deals 3% increased damage per 100 max Health.


Double Trouble II
When you field exactly 2 copies of a champion, they both gain 33% Attack Damage and 33 Ability Power, Armor, and Magic Resist. When you 3-star, gain a 2-star copy.


Dueling Gunners
Your Gunner units gain 8% Attack Speed, plus 2% per Gunner stack. Gain 2 Gunners.


Early Education
Your champions permanently gain 1 Ability Power whenever they kill an enemy. Champions start with 15 bonus Ability Power.


Endurance Training
Your champions permanently gain 18 Health every time they kill an enemy. Champions start with 100 bonus Health.


Escort Quest
Gain a Training Dummy. Each round, if it survives combat, gain 3 gold.


Final Grab Bag II
Gain 2 random components, 12 gold, and a Magentic Remover.


Freljord Heart
Your team counts as having 1 additional Freljord. Gain an Ashe.


Frequent Flier
After you refresh your shop 8 times, your refreshes cost 1 for the rest of the game.


Gargantuan Resolve
Gain a Titan's Resolve. Your Titan's Resolves can continue stacking to 35 instead of 25.


Gifts from the Fallen
Your units gain 4% Attack Damage, 4 Ability Power, 4 Armor, and 4 Magic Resist. When one of your units dies, all your units gain these stats again.


Glacial Breeze
When your Freljordian Storm strikes, your units are shielded for 15% of their maximum Health and gain 8% Attack Speed. Gain 2 Freljord units.


Gotta Go Fast!!! II
Your units generate 25% more Mana and move 40% faster.


Gunner Crest
Gain a Gunner Emblem and a Jinx.


Harmacist II
Your units heal for 15% of the damage they deal, and they convert 25% of excess healing to true damage on their next attack.


Haunted Shell
If Shadow Isles is active, your units gain 13 Armor and Magic Resistance for the rest of combat each time an ally dies. Gain 2 Shadow Isles units.


Healing Orbs II
When an enemy dies, the nearest allied unit is healed for 500.


Hustler
Instead of having no interest, you get 3 golds at the beginning of player combat rounds.


Idealism
Gain a Hand of Justice. Champions with a Hand of Justice deal 13% increased damage.


Indomitable Will
When your units score a Takedown they shed all negative effects and become immune to Crowd Control for 6 seconds.


Infusion
Your team restores 20 Mana every 5 seconds.


Invoker Crest
Gain an Invoker Emblem and a Soraka.


Ionia Crest
Gain a Ionia Emblem and a Sett.


Item Grab Bag II
Gain a random completed item, a random component, and 5 gold.


It Pays to Learn II
Gain 16 XP and 12 gold.


Jeweled Lotus
Magic and true damage from your units' Abilities can critically strike. Your units additionally gain 40% Critical Strike Chance.


Jeweled Lotus(Legend)
Your units' Abilities can critically strike. Your units gain 40% Critical Strike chance.


Job Well Done
Gain a Completed Item Anvil and a Component Anvil.


Juggernaut Crest
Gain an Juggernaut Emblem and a Sett.


Knowledge Download II
Gain 22 Exp.


Know Your Enemy
Your units deal 12% increased damage. If you and your opponent have any of the same traits activated, they deal 20% increased damage instead.


Last Stand
The first time you would be eliminated or reduced to 1 Health, instead remain alive. After this effect triggers, your units permanently gain 180 Health, 18 Armor and Magic Resist, and 18% Omnivamp.


Library Card
Gain a Tome of Traits and a Component Anvil


Long Distance Pals II
Combat start: Your two furthest champions form a bond, sharing 25% of their Armor, Magic Resist, Attack Damage, and Ability Power with each other.


Loving Invocation
Your team gains 2 Ability Power until the end of combat each time your Invoker units cast their Abilities. Gain 2 Invokers.


Magic Wand
Gain a Needlessly Large Rod. Your units gain 20% Ability Power.


Mana Burn
Gain a Shroud of Stillness. All enemies take 2% of their maximum health as true damage each second until the first time they cast their spell. No longer damages units without mana.


Martyr
Whenever one of your units dies, all allies heal for 10% of Maximum health


Medium Forge
Gain a Completed Item Anvil and 7 Gold.


Metabolic Accelerator
Your Tactician moves faster and heals 2 Health after a PvP round.


Metabolic Accelerator(Legend)
Your Tactician moves faster and heals 2 Health after a PvP round.


Money Money!
Gain 16 gold. In 4 turns, gain 16 gold again.


Morning Light
When your Bastion units drop below 50% Health, they heal for 40% of their maximum Health over 4 seconds. Gain 2 Bastion units.


Not Today
Gain an Edge of Night. Allies holding Edge of Night gain 35% Attack Speed.


Noxus Crest
Gain a Noxus Emblem and a Swain.


Overcharged Manafont
Combat Start: Your Sorcerer units gain 10 mana. The first time each Sorcerer gets a take down each combat, they gain 20 mana. Gain 2 Sorcerers.


Pandora's Items II
Gain 2 random components. Round Start: items on your bench are randomized (excluding Tactician's Crown, Spatula, and consumables).


Pandora's Items II(Legend)
Gain 1 random completed item(s). At the start of each round, items on your bench are randomized (excluding Tactician's Crown, Spatula, and consumables).


?Parting Gifts
?When a unit dies, they pass a temporary copy of one of their items to the nearest ally with open slots and shield them for 40% of their maximum Health.


Patient Study
After player combat, gain 2 XP if you won or 3 XP if you lost. You can now reach Level 10.


Patient Study II(Legend)
After player combat, gain 2 XP if you won or 4 XP if you lost. You can now reach Level 10.


Perfected Repetition
Each time your Multicaster units deal ability damage, they gain 6%% Ability power (Max: 90%%) until the end of combat. Gain 2 Multicasters.


Petricite Shackles
Your Demacians deal 15% more damage, increased to 22% against Noxians and enemies with 100 or more maximum Mana. Gain 3 Demacians.


Piltover Heart
Your team counts as having 1 additional Piltover. Gain a Vi.


Portable Forge
Open an Armory and choose 1 of 2 unique Artifacts crafted by Ornn.


Portable Forge
Open an Armory and choose 1 of 3 unique Artifacts crafted by Ornn.


Portable Forge
Open an Armory and choose 1 of 4 unique Artifacts crafted by Ornn.


Portable Forge(Legend)
Open an Armory and choose 1 of 3 unique Artifacts crafted by Ornn.


Pumping Up II
Your units gain 10% Attack Speed. Each round, increase this by 1%.


Pumping Up II(Legend)
Your units gain 5% Attack Speed. Each round, increase this by 1%.


Return on Investment
After you refresh your shop 20 times, gain a Tactician's Crown.


Ravenous Hunter
Gain a Warwick. When your strongest Warwick takes or deals damage, he gains 5% Attack Damage and 5 Ability Power, Armor, and Magic Resist, stacking up to 40 times.


Rich Get Richer
Gain 12 gold. Your maximum interest is increased to 7.


Rich Get Richer+
Gain 18 gold. Your maximum interest is increased to 7.


Rich Get Richer(Legend)
Gain 12 gold. Your maximum interest is increased to 7.


Riftwalk
Before casting, your strongest Kassadin gains 32 AP and blinks to the furthest enemy within 3 hexes, but his spell no longer disarms or shields. His mana cost is reduced by 30.


Rogue Crest
Gain a Rogue Emblem and a Zed.


Rolling for Days II
Gain 15 free Shop refreshes. These Shop refreshes carry over between round.


Salvage Bin
Gain a random completed item now, and a component after @NumRounds@ player combats. Selling champions breaks apart their full items into components (excluding Tactician's Crown).


Salvage Bin+
Gain a random completed item now, and a component after @NumRounds@ player combats. Selling champions breaks apart their full items into components (excluding Tactician's Crown).


Scoped Weapons I
Your units that start combat in the back 2 rows gain +2 Attack Range and 15% Attack Speed.


Scrappy Inventions
At the start of combat, maximum of 5 components on your champions turn into temporary items for the rest of combat. At the start of the next 2 stages, gain a component.


Sentinel's Spirit
While in spirit form, your Ionia units gain 15% Attack Speed and shield themselves for 15% of their maximum Health. Gain 3 Ionians.


Shadow Isles Crest
Gain a Shadow Isles Emblem, a Maokai, and 1 gold.


Shimmering Inventors
Your Piltover units gain 7% Bonus Damage every 10 gold you have (Max: 40%), and have a 33% chance to drop 1 gold at round start. Gain an Ekko.


Shoplifting
After your first shop refresh each turn, gain the highest cost champion for free.


Shurima Crest
Gain a Shurima Emblem and a Taliyah.


Shurima's Legacy
Once assembled, your Sun Disc attacks enemies for 160-800 Magic Damage every 2 seconds (based on current Stage). Gain 3 Shurimans.


Silver Ticket
Each time your Shop is refreshed, you have a 30% chance to gain a free refresh.


Slayer Crest
Gain a Slayer Emblem and a Kled.


Slayer's Resolve
When your Slayer units take or deal damage, they gain 2 Armor and Magic Resistance for the rest of combat (This can stack up to 25 times). Gain 2 Slayers.


Sleight of Hand
Gain a Thiefs Gloves. Your allies holding Thiefs Gloves gain 30% Attack Speed.


Social Distancing II
Units that begin combat with no adjacent allies gain 18% Attack Damage and Ability Power.


Sorcerer Crest
Gain a Sorcerer Emblem and a Swain.


Spoils of War II
When you kill an enemy unit, there's a 30% chance to drop loot.


Spoils of War II(Legend)
When you kill an enemy unit, there's a 35% chance to drop more loot.


Stable Evolution
Your Void units gain 60 Health and 6% Attack Damage and Ability Power for each star level they have. Gain 3 Void units.


Stars are Born
The first tier 1 unit and tier 2 unit you buy are upgraded to 2-star. Gain a 3 gold.


Stars are Born(Legend)
The first tier 1 unit and tier 2 unit you buy are upgraded to 2 star. Gain 6 gold.


Stellacorn's Blessing
While you have the Targon trait activated, your units gain 45% Attack Speed for 4 seconds after being healed or shielded. Gain 2 Targonians.


Strategist Heart
Your team counts as having 1 additional Strategist. Gain a Swain.


Suppressing Fire
The target of your Deadeye units' shared attack is stunned for 8 seconds. Gain 2 Deadeyes.


Tactical Superiority
Your units gain 5% Attack Damage and Ability Power for each of their traits you have activated, doubled when you field a Strategist. Gain 2 Strategists.


Targon Heart
Your team counts as having 1 additional Targon. Gain a Soraka.


The Boss
Gain a Sett. The first time your strongest Sett falls below 60% Health, he takes a break to do sit-ups. Each sit-up heals him 10% of his max Health and grants 45% Attack Speed and AP.


Three's a Crowd
Your units gain 111 health for each Tier-3 unique unit you field.


Three's Company
Gain 4 random Tier 3 champions.


Tiny Power II
Your units gain 10% Attack Damage, Ability Power, and Attack Speed.


Titanic Strength
Bruisers gain % increased Attack Damage equal to 1.5% of their maximum Health. Gain 2 Bruisers.


Tons of Stats!
Your team gains 35 Health, 5% Attack Damage, 5 Ability Power, 5 Armor, 5 Magic Resist, 5% Attack Speed, and 5 Mana.


Total Domination
Attacks and Abilities of your Noxus units execute enemies below 8% of their maximum Health, increased by +1% for each player you've Conquered. Gain 3 Noxians.


Trade Sector
Gain a free Shop refresh each round.


Trade Sector(Legend)
Gain a free shop refresh every turn


Training Reward II
Gain 13 Gold and a Champion Duplicator.


Transfusion II
Your team gains 40 Health, plus 3 Health per missing Tactician Health.


Transfusion II(Legend)
Your team gains 40 Health, plus 3 Health per missing Tactician Health.


Two Healthy
Your units gain 111 health for each Tier-2 unique unit you field.


Unburdened II
Your units without items equipped gain 55% Attack Speed.


Unified Resistance II
If you have 3 or more units in the same row at the start of combat, they all gain 30 Armor and Magic Resist.


Unstable Yordle Delivery
Round Start: Gain a random Yordle or 1-5 gold (based on current Stage). Gain 3 Yordles.


Vampiric Blades
Your team gains 10% Omnivamp. Your Rogue units gain 20% instead. Gain 2 Rogues.


Void Heart
Your team counts as having 1 additional Void. Gain a Kassadin.


Well-Earned Comforts II
Your units gain 90 Health for each item equipped.


What Doesn't Kill You
After losing your combat, gain 2 gold. Every 5 losses, gain a random component.


Winds of War
Gain a Galio. Your strongest Galio's spell is larger, and enemies hit take magic damage equal to 8% of their max Health each second.


You Have My Bow
Gain a Recurve Bow. Your units gain 15% Attack Speed.


You Have My Sword
Gain a B.F. Sword. Your units gain 18% Attack Damage.


Zaun Crest
Gain a Zaun Emblem and a Warwick.


