SET 9 PRISMATIC AUGMENTS

Ancient Archives II
Gain 2 Tome of Traits and 3 gold.


Ancient Archives II(Legend)
Gain 2 Tome of Traits and 8 gold.


Balanced Budget III
At the start of the next 4 rounds, gain 11 gold.


Bastion Crown
Gain a Bastion Emblem, a Sunfire Cape, and a Taric.


Battle Ready III
Your team deals 12% more damage and takes 12% less damage.


Binary Airdrop
Your champions equipped with 2 items temporarily gain a random completed item at the start of combat. Gain @ItemComponents@ random item components.


Birthday Present
Gain a 2-star champion and 2 gold every time you level up. The champion's tier is your level minus 4 (min: Tier 1).


Blinding Speed
Gain a Rapid Firecannon and a Guinsoo's Rageblade, a Magnetic Remover.


Bruiser Crown
Gain a Bruiser Emblem, a Redemption, and a Rek'Sai.


Built Different III
Your units with no Traits active gain 270-600 Health and 50-70% Attack Speed (based on current Stage).


Buried Treasures III
At the start of the next 5 rounds, gain a random item component.


Buried Treasures III(Legend)
At the start of the next 5 rounds, gain a random item component.


Caretaker's Chosen
As you level, gain more powerful items. At level 4 - gain a Component Anvil, at level 6 - gain a Completed Item Anvil, at level 8 - open a radiant item armory.


Caretaker's Chosen(Legend)
When you reach Level 5, open an Armory and choose 1 of 5 unique Radiant items. At level 7, gain this effect again, and gain an Item Remover.


Challenger Crown
Gain a Challenger Emblem, a Hand of Justice, and a Kalista.


Cruel Pact
Buying XP costs 5 Health instead of gold. Heal 2 Health before each player combat.


Cursed Crown
Gain +2 maximum team size, but take 100% increased player damage.


Cybernetic Bulk III
Your champions holding an item gain 500 health.


Cybernetic Leech III
Your units holding an item gain 225 Health and 25% Omnivamp.


Deadeye Crown
Gain a Deadeye Emblem, a Guinsoo's Rageblade, and an Akshan.


Demacia Crown
Gain a Demacia Emblem, a Recurve Bow, and a Garen.


Double Trouble III
When you field exactly 2 copies of a champion, they both gain 44% Attack Damage and 44 Ability Power, Armor, and Magic Resist. When you 3-star, gain a 2-star copy.


Endless Horde
Gain +3 maximum team size, but your units can only hold 1 item and their total health is reduced by 20%. Gain 6 gold.


Endless Horde+
(Only on 4-2) Gain team size equal to half your level. Your units can only hold 1 item. Gain 9 Gold.


Final Ascension
Your units deal 18% more damage. After 15 seconds, this effect triples.


Final Reserves
The first time you would be eliminated or reduced to 1 Health, instead remain alive. After this effect triggers, at the beginning of your next planning phase gain 80 XP and 40 Gold.


Freljord Soul
Your team counts as having 1 additional Freljord. Gain an Archangel's Staff and a Lissandra.


Giant Grab Bag
Gain 3 random components, 10 gold, and a Lesser Champion Duplicator.


Gifts From Above
At the start of combat, your champion with the least items equips 5.0 temporary completed item.


Golden Ticket
Each time your Shop is refreshed, you have a 50% chance to gain a free refresh.


Gotta Go Fast!!! III
Your units generate 35% more Mana and move 50% faster.


Gunner Crown
Gain a Gunner Emblem, a Runann's Hurricane, and a Jayce.


Harmacist III
Your units heal for 25% of the damage they deal, and they convert 30% of excess healing to true damage on their next attack.


Hedge Fund
You have no interest cap. Gain 22 gold.


Hedge Fund+
You have no interest cap. Gain 32 gold.


Hedge Fund++
You have no interest cap. Gain 44 gold.


Hedge Fund(Legend)
You have no interest cap. Gain 20 gold.


High End Sector
Gain 1 gold per round. When you level up, gain a number of free shop refreshes equal to your level.


High End Sector(Legend)
Each round, gain a free Shop refresh and 3 gold


Impenetrable Bulwark
Gain a Bramble Vest and a Dragon's Claw, a Magnetic Remover.


Infernal Contract
Your max level is 7. Gain 85 Gold.


Invoker Crown
Gain a Invoker Emblem, a Jeweled Gauntlet, and a Karma.


Ionia Crown
Gain an Ionia Emblem, a Guardbreaker, and a Karma.


Item Grab Bag III
Gain 2 random full items and 8 Gold.


It Pays to Learn III
Gain 20 XP and 16 gold.


Jeweled Lotus III
Your units' Abilities can critically strike. Your units gain 45% Critical Strike chance.


Jeweled Lotus III(Legend)
Your units' Abilities can critically strike. Your units gain 55% Critical Strike chance.


Juggernaut Crown
Gain an Juggernaut Emblem, a Bloodthirster, and a Darius.


Knowledge Download III
Gain 36 Exp.


Large Forge
Gain an Ornn Item Anvil and a Component Item Anvil.


Level Up!
When you buy XP, gain an additional 3. Gain 2 immediately. You can now reach level 10.


Level Up! (Legend)
When you buy XP, gain an additional 3. Gain 2 immediately. You can now reach level 10.


Living Forge
Gain an Ornn Item Anvil now and after every 10 player combats.


Living Forge(Legend)
Gain a random Ornn artifact now and after every 10 player combats.


Lucky Gloves
Thief's Gloves will always give your champions ideal items. Gain 3 Sparring Gloves.


March of Progress
Gain 3 XP now, and bonus XP equal to your level at the start of every player combat round. You can no longer use gold to level up.


Masterful Job
Gain an Ornn Item Anvil and a Completed Item Anvil.


Money Money Money!
Gain 25 gold. In 4 turns, gain 25 gold again.


Multicaster Soul
Your team counts as having 1 additional Multicaster. Gain a Jeweled Gauntlet and a Vel'Koz.


Noxus Crown
Gain a Noxus Emblem, a Sparring Gloves, and a Darius.


Overwhelming Force
Gain a Deathblade and an Infinity Edge, a Magnetic Remover.


Pandora's Box
Gain a random Radiant item. Round Start: items on your bench are randomized (excluding Tactician's Crown, Spatula, and consumables).


Pandora's Box(Legend)
Gain a random Radiant item. At the start of each round, items on your bench are randomized (excluding Tactician's Crown, Spatula, and consumables).


Parting Gifts
When a unit dies, they pass a temporary copy of one of their items to the nearest ally with open slots and shield them for 35% of their maximum Health.


Phreaky Friday
Gain an Infinity Force. After 5 Player combats, gain a second Infinity Force.


Phreaky Friday+
Gain an Infinity Force. After 3 Player combats, gain a second Infinity Force.


Piltover Soul
Your team counts as having 1 additional Piltover. Gain a Giant Slayer and a Jayce.


Pumping Up III
Your units gain 12% Attack Speed. Each round, increase this by 2%.


Pumping Up III(Legend)
Your units gain 12% Attack Speed. Each round, increase this by 2%.


Radiant Relics
Open an Armory and choose 1 of 5 unique Radiant items.


Rogue Crown
Gain a Rogue Emblem, a Hand of Justice, and a Katarina.


Rolling for Days III
Gain 25 free Shop refreshes. These Shop refreshes carry over between round.


Roll The Dice
Gain a Radiant Thieves Gloves.


Seeing Double III
Gain 2 random items made from 2 of the same component and 4 gold.


Shadow Isles Crown
Gain a Shadow Isles Emblem, a Tear of the Goddess, and a Kalista.


Shopping Spree
Gain 1 gold per round. When you level up, gain a number of free shop refreshes equal to your level, which carry over between rounds.


Shurima Crown
Gain a Shurima Emblem, a Protector’s Vow, and a Akshan.


Slayer Crown
Gain a Slayer Emblem, a Titan’s Resolve, and a Kled.


Social Distancing III
Units that begin combat with no adjacent allies gain 25% Attack Damage and Ability Power.


Sorcerer Crown
Gain a Sorcerer Emblem, a Spear of Shojin, and a Vel'Koz.


Spoils of War III
When you kill an enemy unit, there's a 40% chance to drop amazing loot.


Spoils of War III(Legend)
When you kill an enemy unit, there's a 45% chance to drop amazing loot.


Starter Kit
Gain a Tier 4 champion, and a 2-star Tier 1 champion that shares a trait with them. At the next 1 stages, gain the Tier 4 champion again.


Starter Kit(Legend)
Gain a Tier 4 champion, an item they can use, and a 2-star Tier 1 champion that shares a trait with them. At the next 2 stages, gain the Tier 4 champion again.


Strategist Soul
Your team counts as having 1 additional Strategist. Gain a Chalice of Power and a Swain.


Tactician's Tools
Gain two Spatulas.


Targon Soul
Your team counts as having 1 additional Targon. Gain a Redemption and a Taric.


The Golden Egg
Gain a massive golden egg that hatches in 11 turns. Victorious player combats accelerate the hatch timer by an additional turn.


Think Fast
Shop refreshes are free until the end of this round. Traits and other augments do not benefit from these free shops. Gain 3 gold.


Tiniest Titan
Your tactician is small and speedy, heals 2 Health after a PVP round, and grants 2 Gold per round.


Tiniest Titan(Legend)
Your tactician is small and speedy, heals 2 Health after a PVP round, and grants 2 Gold per round.


Tiny Power III
Your units gain 16% Attack Damage, Ability Power, and Attack Speed.


Training Reward III
Gain 18 Gold and a Champion Duplicator.


Transfusion III
Your team gains 50 Health, plus 5 Health per missing Tactician Health.


Unleashed Arcana
Gain a Jeweled Gauntlet and a Rabadon's Deathcap, a Magnetic Remover.


Urf's Grab Bag
Gain 2 random components, a Champion Duplicator, and a Spatula.


Void Soul
Gain a Void Emblem, Zz'Rot Portal and a Rek'Sai.


Wandering Trainer
Gain 4 gold and a Training Dummy. It has 3 random emblems equipped, which cannot be removed.


Well-Earned Comforts III
Your units gain 120 Health and 10% Attack Speed for each item equipped.


Wellness Trust
Round Start: Gain 3 gold. If you have at least 40 gold, your Tactician heals 2 Health.


What The Forge
All Completed items you own or receive are reforged into random Ornn Artifacts (excluding Tactician's Crown and Emblems). Units gain 160 Health per equipped Artifact.


Zaun Crown
Gain a Zaun Emblem, a Guardbreaker, and an Ekko.


